docs(faq): using shorebird for all dart changes (#176)
shorebirdtech/docs: docs/faq.md

Android or Objective-C/Swift on iOS). The tool will warn you during an
attempted patch if you have changed native code.

### Can I use Shorebird for all my Dart changes?

> Technically speaking, yes, a Shorebird patch can update any Dart code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shorebird can be used to update any and all Dart code in your app, including non-plugin dependencies.
```

Author: Maybe we should say "include dart packages (not plugins)."

Reviewer: "including packages that do not contain plugins"?

Author: I went with "including pure dart packages" lmk what you think

> Note that depending on how you distribute your apps, some store agreements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, some store agreements
```

Author: I think leaving it as is is more explicit personally 🤷

expect feature changes to go through store review.
Notably Apple's App Store requires that an update "does not change the
primary purpose of the Application by providing features or functionality

> that are inconsistent with the intended and advertised purpose of the Application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that are inconsistent with the intended and advertised purpose of the Application."
```

Author: Good catch, thanks!

> Also note that more Dart code changes will result in larger patch sizes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also note that patch sizes correlate with the total amount of Dart changed from the original released app (each patch is a diff against the released dart code, not a diff to the previous patch).
```
